Fix spelling and style consistency nits (#3946)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

### Sending ACK Frames {#sending-acknowledgements}

Every packet SHOULD be acknowledged at least once, and ack-eliciting packets

> MUST be acknowledged at least once within the maximum ACK delay. An endpoint

Reviewer: This looks like the only place we use "ACK delay" as a concept.  We might be better referring to the max_ack_delay transport parameter.

Author: Will make the change

An endpoint measures the delays intentionally introduced between the time the
packet with the largest packet number is received and the time an acknowledgment

> is sent.  The endpoint encodes this delay in the ACK Delay field of an ACK

Reviewer: I think that this is good.

However, some of the other uses here refer to a concept and that is tricky.  We don't really define "ACK delay" as a concept and we probably should.

Author: The principle that I thought was used elsewhere, and which I tried to apply here, was to call it "ACK Delay" when talking about the frame field, and "ACK delay" otherwise.

Reviewer 2: We shouldn't use "ACK delay" without defining it, and if we do, I would suggest using "acknowledgement delay" instead.

Author: Applying Jana's change.

> frame; see {{frame-ack}}.  This allows the receiver of the ACK to adjust for any

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
frame; see {{frame-ack}}.  This allows the receiver of the ACK frame to adjust for any
```

  unless the endpoint has sent a RESET_STREAM for that stream.  Once an endpoint
  sends a RESET_STREAM frame, no further STREAM frames are needed.

* ACK frames carry the most recent set of acknowledgements and the

>   acknowledgement delay from the largest acknowledged packet, as described in

Reviewer 3: Ack Delay is the name of the field in the ACK frame, so I thought the old text was correct?

Author: It depends on whether the text is supposed to mean that the ACK frame carries the ACK Delay field, or if it carries the acknowledgment delay value. I assumed the latter.

Reviewer 2: yes, in the context of the sentence, `acknowledgement delay` is more appropriate.

  unless the endpoint has sent a RESET_STREAM for that stream.  Once an endpoint
  sends a RESET_STREAM frame, no further STREAM frames are needed.

> * ACK frames carry the most recent set of acknowledgements and the ACK delay

Reviewer: This refers to the field so it should be "ACK Delay field"

Author: OK

Author: Actually, this seems to refer to the value, not the field. ("ACK frames carry" the value.)

Reviewer 2: how about "and the acknowledgement delay from the largest acknowledged packet ({{host-delay}})" ?

ACK Delay:

: A variable-length integer representing the time delta in microseconds between

>   when largest acknowledged packet, as indicated in the Largest Acknowledged

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  when the largest acknowledged packet, as indicated in the Largest Acknowledged
```

  field, was received and the ACK frame was sent. The ACK Delay field carries

>   this encoded time delta. It is decoded by multiplying the value in the ACK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  this encoded time difference. It is decoded by multiplying the value in the ACK
```

: A variable-length integer representing the time delta in microseconds between

>   when the ACK frame was sent and when the largest acknowledged packet, as

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  when the largest acknowledged packet, as indicated by the
```

>   indicated in the Largest Acknowledged field, was received by this peer.  This

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  Largest Acknowledged field, was received and the ACK frame was sent.  This
```

: A variable-length integer representing the time delta in microseconds between
  when the ACK frame was sent and when the largest acknowledged packet, as
  indicated in the Largest Acknowledged field, was received by this peer.  This
  acknowledgement delay in the ACK Delay field is scaled by multiplying the
  encoded value by 2 to the power of the value of the ack_delay_exponent
  transport parameter set by the sender of the ACK frame; see
  {{transport-parameter-definitions}}.  Scaling in this fashion allows for a
  larger range of values with a shorter encoding at the cost of lower
  resolution.  Because the receiver doesn't use the value in the ACK Delay field

>   of Initial and Handshake packets, a sender SHOULD send a value of 0.

Reviewer 2: This text was already confusing, and probably needs more rework. For this PR though, I would suggest something like: "The ACK Delay field carries an encoded acknowledgement delay. The delay is decoded by multiplying the value in the ACK Delay field by 2 ..."

  to the power of the value of the ack_delay_exponent transport parameter set by
  the sender of the ACK frame; see {{transport-parameter-definitions}}.  Scaling
  in this fashion allows for a larger range of values with a shorter encoding at
  the cost of lower resolution.  Because the receiver doesn't use the ACK delay

>   for Initial and Handshake packets, a sender SHOULD send a value of 0.

Reviewer: This refers to the field, so it should be "ACK Delay field" again.

Author: OK

  to the power of the value of the ack_delay_exponent transport parameter set by
  the sender of the ACK frame; see {{transport-parameter-definitions}}.  Scaling
  in this fashion allows for a larger range of values with a shorter encoding at
  the cost of lower resolution.  Because the receiver doesn't use the value in

>   the ACK Delay field for Initial and Handshake packets, a sender SHOULD send a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  the ACK Delay field of Initial and Handshake packets, a sender SHOULD send a
```

{{iana-frames}}.

# Error Codes {#error-codes}

QUIC transport error codes and application error codes are 62-bit unsigned
integers.

> ## Transport Error Codes {#transport-error-codes}

Reviewer: @janaiyengar and this was from Bence.

- You don't always need the draining period (#871)
- Stateless reset clarified as version-specific (#930, #986)
- initial_max_stream_id_x transport parameters are optional (#970, #971)

> - ACK delay assumes a default value during the handshake (#1007, #1009)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- ACK Delay assumes a default value during the handshake (#1007, #1009)
```

Author: I didn't make changes to the changelogs, since they will be removed anyway. Should I have?

Reviewer 2: This was a change,  I'm reverting it
